{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh22500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Set up\
\

\fs28 \ulnone First thing needed is an empty project folder. You will also want to navigate into this folder in your terminal. If you are un-familiar with the terminal, you can find basic commands here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gist.github.com/poopsplat/7195274"}}{\fldrslt https://gist.github.com/poopsplat/7195274}}\
It is worth noting we use two methods, see tutorials section for further clarification; each software mentioned below will either have an \'91I\'92 or \'91II\'92 depending which method the software is needed for.
\fs24 \
\

\fs36 Emulator - OpenEMU (Only for Macs) (I & II)
\fs24 \
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://openemu.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 http://openemu.org/}}
\fs28 \
\

\fs24 	
\fs28 Fairly simple, download from site and open OpenEMU\
\
	This is an emulator used to load and play the ROMS.
\fs24 \
\

\fs36 Rom - Space Invaders (I & II)\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.atariage.com/software_page.html?SoftwareLabelID=459"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 http://www.atariage.com/software_page.html?SoftwareLabelID=459}}
\fs28 \
\
	Download and place into your project folder.\
	\
	This is the ROM used to play the game, and the file we will be editing.
\fs36 \
\
DosBox - DOS x86 emulator ( I )
\fs28 \
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dosbox.com/download.php?main=1"}}{\fldrslt https://www.dosbox.com/download.php?main=1}}\
\
	Download and open the file. Move DOSBox to the project folder.\
\
	This software is used to run windows programs on a Mac. Particularly useful as modern Microsoft pc\'92s can\'92t open the software listed below as they are 16 bit. \
\

\fs36 2600 gfx ( I )
\fs28 \
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.orphanedgames.com/APF/apf_programming/apf_programming_tools/apf_programming_tools.html"}}{\fldrslt https://www.orphanedgames.com/APF/apf_programming/apf_programming_tools/apf_programming_tools.html}} (Top link)\
\
	Download and place showgfx and editgfx in the project folder. These programs will need to be run through DOSBox.\
	\
	These programs allow you to take a .bin file and transfer it to a .txt file. Allowing you to change the sprites, Editgfx allows you to re-assemble the code into a .bin file so its runnable on an emulator\
\

\fs36 Distella ( II )\

\fs28 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://distella.sourceforge.net"}}{\fldrslt http://distella.sourceforge.net}}\
\
	Download and navigate to the OS X folder. Place distella.exe into your project folder.\
\
	This program allows you to disassemble the code into the source code, a .src file. This goes further than just looking at the graphics code like 2600 gfx, mentioned above, does. This allows you to delve into the code on a wider level, allowing you to change much more.
\fs36 \
\
Dasm ( II )
\fs28 \
\
	Into your terminal type: \'91brew install dasm\'92\
\
	Dasm allows you to reassemble the code into a .bin file, ready to be played on an emulator.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\fs24 \

\fs36 \
}